# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [0.1.1] - 2025-02-17

### 🚀 Features

- TryFrom<(Dataset, Mode)> implemented for History.  This is an internal convenience function used to direct the program to the correct log file based on the given context.
- Support added for deriving a Queue from a log history.
- Size tracking from History added to App and Queue methods.
- Load and download methods added to Chunks, wrapping the load and download methods from Queue.
- The path of NIPA datasets now indicate whether ShowMillions is present appending `_millions` to the file path.
- The History::summary method now includes the total size of successful downloads.
- The bea_data function has replaced use of the EnvError::from_env method, which has been removed.
- Added the impl_json_parse_error! macro to streamline construction of the JsonParseError type.

### 🐛 Bug Fixes

- The map_to_int method now strips commas from strings.

### 🚜 Refactor

- Load and download logs now divert to the `history` folder in the `BEA_DATA` directory.
- NipaIterator updated to use the SelectionKind type.
- The successes and errors methods have been reworked.  The `from_file` method has been renamed to `from_env`.
- The History::from_env method now looks for the `history.log` file in the `history` folder of the `BEA_DATA` directory.
- Clearer flow control within iterators for Nipa and NiUnderlyingDetail.
- Tracing statements added to the read_json method to aid in debugging during deserialization.
- Control flow improved for MneIterator and FixedAssetIterator.  The YearSelection type has been removed in favor of the SelectionKind enum.  The date_by_period function has replaced the quarter function for mapping time periods to the jiff::civil::Date type.
- The standard App::with_options method generated by derive_getters has been removed.  The App::add_options function has been renamed to with_options. Now only one way to set the value for options, and it ensures the query parameters have been properly updated, relieving the burden from the user.
- Pollster removed from dev-dependencies.

### 📚 Documentation

- Bears logo art added to README.
- Can't quite figure out the changelog tooling.
- Preamble and methods documentation added for the App type.

### ⚙️ Miscellaneous Tasks

- Incremented version to 0.1.1.
- Incremented version to 0.1.1.
- Tests updated to reflect API changes.
- Strum dependency updated to 0.27.0.
- Changelog synced to proper release tag.
- Jiff updated to 0.2.0.  Patch updates for other dependencies.
- Cargo dist tool added to CI.

## [0.1.0] - 2025-02-08

### 🚀 Features

- Download queue
- Impl TryFrom<&PathBuf> for NipaData
- Async implementations of the load and download methods for Queue. feat: Iterator implementation for the MNE dataset. feat: Structured logging added to loading and downloading actions.
- Configuration file for git-cliff added. chore: Dependency updates.
- README added to the Github landing page.
- Markdown lint file added to suppress spurious warnings in doc markdown.

### 🚜 Refactor

- Remove dead code from prototype period.
- Match statements for error constructions updated to use the map_err method instead.
- The error_info! macro has been removed, leaving no macros in the public API.
- Amendment to error_info! removal.
- Trimmed unused dependencies.

### 📚 Documentation

- Bears logo art added to data folder.
- Crate metadata added to Cargo.toml.
- Category slugs adjusted in Cargo.toml.
- Keywords adjusted in Cargo.toml.

### ⚙️ Miscellaneous Tasks

- Dependency updates.

<!-- generated by git-cliff -->
